content/ns.md, before:

# Misskey Extensions to ActivityPub

This page documents the extensions to ActivityPub that Misskey uses. This page lists some context items defined in JSON-LD contexts and explains their semantics.

This document uses [compact IRIs](https://www.w3.org/TR/json-ld/#dfn-compact-iri).
The prefix `ap` is used to refer to `https://www.w3.org/ns/activitystreams#`.
The prefix `misskey` is used to refer to `https://misskey-hub-net/ns#`.

## `_misskey_content`

- compact IRI: `misskey:_misskey_content`
- canonical IRI: `https://misskey-hub.net/ns#_misskey_content`

:::warning

This value is deprecated and might be removed in the future.
See also <https://github.com/misskey-dev/misskey/pull/8787>.

:::

This value is identical to having a `source` property like this:

```js
source: {
	content: _misskey_content,
	mediaType: "text/x.misskeymarkdown"
}
```

Where `_misskey_content` represents the value of the field described in this section.

## `_misskey_summary`

- compact IRI: `misskey:_misskey_summary`
- canonical IRI: `https://misskey-hub.net/ns#_misskey_summary`

Used on actors to display their summary as MFM. The content is same as `summary`, but in MFM form.

## `_misskey_quote`

- compact IRI: `misskey:_misskey_quote`
- canonical IRI: `https://misskey-hub.net/ns#_misskey_quote`

:::tip

Ways to potentially provide this information using the core ActivityPub vocabulary are currently underway, see <https://github.com/misskey-dev/misskey/issues/8722>.

:::

Indicates that this note is quoting another note. It contains the `id` of the note being quoted.

This seems to be identical to `https://fedibird.com/ns#quoteUri`.
Misskey also uses `as:quoteUrl` for this but this was not adopted to the ActivityPub specification.
This is for compatibility with some other ActivityPub programs that operate using this.

## `_misskey_reaction`

- compact IRI: `misskey:_misskey_reaction`
- canonical IRI: `https://misskey-hub.net/ns#_misskey_reaction`

Misskey federates its reactions as `Like` activities.
What kind of reaction was used is conveyed using this field.
Misskey also sets `ap:content` of the `Like` activity to the same value.

The content will be a string that either contains a single Unicode Emoji or a string that starts and ends with a colon. In the latter case the reaction uses a custom emoji, and the `tag` property will be set to contain the data of the respective emoji.

## `_misskey_votes`

- compact IRI: `misskey:_misskey_votes`
- canonical IRI: `https://misskey-hub.net/ns#_misskey_votes`

This value is used for `Question` activities to indicate the number of votes an option currently has.
This value is identical to having a `replies` property like this:

```js
replies: {
	type: 'Collection',
	totalItems: _misskey_votes
}
```

Where `_misskey_votes` represents the value of the field described in this section.

## `_misskey_talk`

- compact IRI: `misskey:_misskey_talk`
- canonical IRI: `https://misskey-hub.net/ns#_misskey_talk`

This value is used for `Note` type objects to indicate that they are a Misskey chat message.
Misskey handles these kinds of messages specially, e.g. it will apply different audience scoping rules and show them via a different API than usual `Note` objects.

This field can only take the value of `true` (or be absent).

## `isCat`

- compact IRI: `misskey:isCat`
- canonical IRI: `https://misskey-hub.net/ns#isCat`

Used on actors to indicate that they in some way identify as a cat, expressed as a boolean value.
If this property is set to `true`, displaying the actor or their notes will have some special effects attached in some clients.

## `_misskey_followedMessage`
- compact IRI: `misskey:_misskey_followedMessage`
- canonical IRI: `https://misskey-hub.net/ns#_misskey_followedMessage`

This value is used for `Actor` type objects to show message on followed.

This property must be either `null` or a string if existent.
The value is customized message. In other word, it can be set arbitrary by an account.

Misskey shows the value on notification to new followee when:
- The property is set,
- value is a string,
- the followee's Misskey is 2024.9.0-alpha.11 or later,
- and one who has set this property gets followed by the followee

## `_misskey_requireSigninToViewContents`
(introduced in: https://github.com/misskey-dev/misskey/pull/14799)

- compact IRI: `misskey:_misskey_requireSigninToViewContents`
- canonical IRI: `https://misskey-hub.net/ns#_misskey_requireSigninToViewContents`

This value is used for `Actor` type object to forbid show one's content when viewer is not signed-in.
This property must be either `true` or `false` if existent.

An implementation should refuse to show their content to align to Misskey's implementation if the value is `true` and the viewer is not signed-in.

This property is not guaranteed to work on older Misskey or non-Misskey implementation.

Commit message:

ap: add Misskey extension property that affects past Notes (#255)
* ap: `_misskey_makeNotes*Before`

misskey-dev/misskey#14814

* fix ambiguous description

content/ns.md, after:

# Misskey Extensions to ActivityPub

This page documents the extensions to ActivityPub that Misskey uses. This page lists some context items defined in JSON-LD contexts and explains their semantics.

This document uses [compact IRIs](https://www.w3.org/TR/json-ld/#dfn-compact-iri).
The prefix `ap` is used to refer to `https://www.w3.org/ns/activitystreams#`.
The prefix `misskey` is used to refer to `https://misskey-hub-net/ns#`.

## `_misskey_content`

- compact IRI: `misskey:_misskey_content`
- canonical IRI: `https://misskey-hub.net/ns#_misskey_content`

:::warning

This value is deprecated and might be removed in the future.
See also <https://github.com/misskey-dev/misskey/pull/8787>.

:::

This value is identical to having a `source` property like this:

```js
source: {
	content: _misskey_content,
	mediaType: "text/x.misskeymarkdown"
}
```

Where `_misskey_content` represents the value of the field described in this section.

## `_misskey_summary`

- compact IRI: `misskey:_misskey_summary`
- canonical IRI: `https://misskey-hub.net/ns#_misskey_summary`

Used on actors to display their summary as MFM. The content is same as `summary`, but in MFM form.

## `_misskey_quote`

- compact IRI: `misskey:_misskey_quote`
- canonical IRI: `https://misskey-hub.net/ns#_misskey_quote`

:::tip

Ways to potentially provide this information using the core ActivityPub vocabulary are currently underway, see <https://github.com/misskey-dev/misskey/issues/8722>.

:::

Indicates that this note is quoting another note. It contains the `id` of the note being quoted.

This seems to be identical to `https://fedibird.com/ns#quoteUri`.
Misskey also uses `as:quoteUrl` for this but this was not adopted to the ActivityPub specification.
This is for compatibility with some other ActivityPub programs that operate using this.

## `_misskey_reaction`

- compact IRI: `misskey:_misskey_reaction`
- canonical IRI: `https://misskey-hub.net/ns#_misskey_reaction`

Misskey federates its reactions as `Like` activities.
What kind of reaction was used is conveyed using this field.
Misskey also sets `ap:content` of the `Like` activity to the same value.

The content will be a string that either contains a single Unicode Emoji or a string that starts and ends with a colon. In the latter case the reaction uses a custom emoji, and the `tag` property will be set to contain the data of the respective emoji.

## `_misskey_votes`

- compact IRI: `misskey:_misskey_votes`
- canonical IRI: `https://misskey-hub.net/ns#_misskey_votes`

This value is used for `Question` activities to indicate the number of votes an option currently has.
This value is identical to having a `replies` property like this:

```js
replies: {
	type: 'Collection',
	totalItems: _misskey_votes
}
```

Where `_misskey_votes` represents the value of the field described in this section.

## `_misskey_talk`

- compact IRI: `misskey:_misskey_talk`
- canonical IRI: `https://misskey-hub.net/ns#_misskey_talk`

This value is used for `Note` type objects to indicate that they are a Misskey chat message.
Misskey handles these kinds of messages specially, e.g. it will apply different audience scoping rules and show them via a different API than usual `Note` objects.

This field can only take the value of `true` (or be absent).

## `isCat`

- compact IRI: `misskey:isCat`
- canonical IRI: `https://misskey-hub.net/ns#isCat`

Used on actors to indicate that they in some way identify as a cat, expressed as a boolean value.
If this property is set to `true`, displaying the actor or their notes will have some special effects attached in some clients.

## `_misskey_followedMessage`
- compact IRI: `misskey:_misskey_followedMessage`
- canonical IRI: `https://misskey-hub.net/ns#_misskey_followedMessage`

This value is used for `Actor` type objects to show message on followed.

This property must be either `null` or a string if existent.
The value is customized message. In other word, it can be set arbitrary by an account.

Misskey shows the value on notification to new followee when:
- The property is set,
- value is a string,
- the followee's Misskey is 2024.9.0-alpha.11 or later,
- and one who has set this property gets followed by the followee

## `_misskey_requireSigninToViewContents`
(introduced in: https://github.com/misskey-dev/misskey/pull/14799)

- compact IRI: `misskey:_misskey_requireSigninToViewContents`
- canonical IRI: `https://misskey-hub.net/ns#_misskey_requireSigninToViewContents`

This property is used for `Actor` type object to forbid show one's content when viewer is not signed-in.
This value must be either `true` or `false` if existent.

An implementation should refuse to show their content to align to Misskey's implementation if the value is `true` and the viewer is not signed-in.

This property is not guaranteed to work on older Misskey or non-Misskey implementation.

## `_misskey_makeNotesFollowersOnlyBefore`
(introduced in: https://github.com/misskey-dev/misskey/pull/14814)

- compact IRI: `misskey:_misskey_makeNotesFollowersOnlyBefore`
- canonical IRI: `https://misskey-hub.net/ns#_misskey_makeNotesFollowersOnlyBefore`

This property is used for `Actor` type object to forbid show one's *past* content when viewer is not a follower of author.
This value must be a integer if existent.

Misskey computes that the threshold of the Unix epoch millisecond in the either way:
- If the value is positive, then the value is interpreted as an absolute Unix epoch millisecond.
- If the value is negative, then the value is relative millisecond compared to posted date. For example, `-86400000` implies targeting a note that has posted before yesterday because a day contains 86400 seconds.

If posted date is considered as older than the threshold, then it is considered as a past content. 
If the viewer is not a follower of the author, then past content shall not be shown.

This property is not guaranteed to work on older Misskey or non-Misskey implementation.

## `_misskey_makeNotesHiddenBefore`
(introduced in: https://github.com/misskey-dev/misskey/pull/14814)

- compact IRI: `misskey:_misskey_makeNotesHiddenBefore`
- canonical IRI: `https://misskey-hub.net/ns#_misskey_makeNotesHiddenBefore`

This property is used for `Actor` type object. This property has same semantics and value range as `_misskey_makeNotesFollowersOnlyBefore` but affected viewer: the value affects everyone but author themselves.

This property is not guaranteed to work on older Misskey or non-Misskey implementation.
