content/en/docs/4.for-developers/publish-on-your-website.md, before:

# Distributing Plugins and Themes

Starting with Misskey v2023.11.0, you can now install various additional resources directly from your website.This feature is especially useful for those who produce a lot of plugins and themes, and for those who want to create a plugin distribution website.This feature is especially useful for those who produce a lot of plugins and themes, and for those who want to create a plugin distribution website.

## Resources that support external installation

- [Plugins](./plugin/create-plugin/) ... `plugin`
- [Themes](../for-users/features/theme/) ... `theme`

## How it works

インストール時に、Misskey Webで受け取るリソースに予期せぬ改ざんが起こらないようにするため、配布サイト側とMisskey双方でハッシュ値を計算し、Misskeyで照合を行います。

ハッシュ値が照合できない場合はリソースをインストールすることができないようになっています。

## 実装方法

### 配布ページ側

「インストール」ボタンに、以下のようなURLを持つリンクを作成する

```
https://{HOST}/install-extensions?url={API_URL}&hash={HASH}
```

- `{HOST}`: ユーザーのサーバーのホストに置き換えます。ホストはユーザーが入力できるようにすることが一般的です。
- `{API_URL}`: リソース配布用API（後述）のURLに置き換えます。相対パスは不可
- `{HASH}`: 配布するリソースのSHA-512ハッシュに置き換えます。**リソース内での改行コードはLFに統一してください。**

### リソース配布用API側

上記 `{API_URL}` で指定したエンドポイントから、以下のようなJSONオブジェクトを返してください。

```json
{
    "type": "theme",
    "data": "{\n\tid: '4dca6e53-9c1b-41bb-a1ac-c62c3b710536',\n\tbase: 'light',\n\tname: 'Misskey Design',\n\tprops: {\n\t\tX2: ':darken<2<@panel',\n\t\tX3: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.05)',\n\t\tX4: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1)',\n\t\tX5: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.05)',\n\t\tX6: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.25)',\n\t\tX7: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.05)',\n\t\tX8: ':lighten<5<@accent',\n\t\tX9: ':darken<5<@accent',\n\t\tbg: '#f9f9f9',\n\t\tfg: '#5f5f5f',\n\t\tX10: ':alpha<0.4<@accent',\n\t\tX11: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1)',\n\t\tX12: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1)',\n\t\tX13: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.15)',\n\t\tX14: ':alpha<0.5<@navBg',\n\t\tX15: ':alpha<0<@panel',\n\t\tX16: ':alpha<0.7<@panel',\n\t\tX17: ':alpha<0.8<@bg',\n\t\tcwBg: '#b1b9c1',\n\t\tcwFg: '#fff',\n\t\tlink: '#44a4c1',\n\t\twarn: '#ecb637',\n\t\tbadge: '#31b1ce',\n\t\terror: '#ec4137',\n\t\tfocus: ':alpha<0.3<@accent',\n\t\tnavBg: '@panel',\n\t\tnavFg: '@fg',\n\t\tpanel: ':lighten<3<@bg',\n\t\tpopup: ':lighten<3<@panel',\n\t\taccent: '#FF6B63',\n\t\theader: ':alpha<0.7<@panel',\n\t\tinfoBg: '#e5f5ff',\n\t\tinfoFg: '#72818a',\n\t\trenote: '#229e82',\n\t\tshadow: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1)',\n\t\tdivider: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1)',\n\t\thashtag: '#ff9156',\n\t\tmention: '@accent',\n\t\tmodalBg: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.3)',\n\t\tsuccess: '#86b300',\n\t\tbuttonBg: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.05)',\n\t\tswitchBg: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.15)',\n\t\tacrylicBg: ':alpha<0.5<@bg',\n\t\tcwHoverBg: '#bbc4ce',\n\t\tindicator: '@accent',\n\t\tmentionMe: '@mention',\n\t\tmessageBg: '@bg',\n\t\tnavActive: '@accent',\n\t\taccentedBg: ':alpha<0.15<@accent',\n\t\tcodeNumber: '#0fbbbb',\n\t\tcodeString: '#b98710',\n\t\tfgOnAccent: '#fff',\n\t\tinfoWarnBg: '#fff0db',\n\t\tinfoWarnFg: '#8f6e31',\n\t\tnavHoverFg: ':darken<17<@fg',\n\t\tswitchOnBg: '@accent',\n\t\tswitchOnFg: '@fgOnAccent',\n\t\tcodeBoolean: '#62b70c',\n\t\tdateLabelFg: '@fg',\n\t\tdeckDivider: ':darken<3<@bg',\n\t\tinputBorder: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1)',\n\t\tpanelBorder: '\" solid 1px var(--divider)',\n\t\tswitchOffBg: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1)',\n\t\tswitchOffFg: '@panel',\n\t\taccentDarken: ':darken<10<@accent',\n\t\tacrylicPanel: ':alpha<0.5<@panel',\n\t\tnavIndicator: '@indicator',\n\t\twindowHeader: ':alpha<0.85<@panel',\n\t\taccentLighten: ':lighten<10<@accent',\n\t\tbuttonHoverBg: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1)',\n\t\tdriveFolderBg: ':alpha<0.3<@accent',\n\t\tfgHighlighted: ':darken<3<@fg',\n\t\tfgTransparent: ':alpha<0.5<@fg',\n\t\tpanelHeaderBg: ':lighten<3<@panel',\n\t\tpanelHeaderFg: '@fg',\n\t\tbuttonGradateA: '#FC4774',\n\t\tbuttonGradateB: '#F9E001',\n\t\thtmlThemeColor: '@bg',\n\t\tpanelHighlight: ':darken<3<@panel',\n\t\tlistItemHoverBg: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.03)',\n\t\tscrollbarHandle: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2)',\n\t\tinputBorderHover: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2)',\n\t\twallpaperOverlay: 'rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.5)',\n\t\tfgTransparentWeak: ':alpha<0.75<@fg',\n\t\tpanelHeaderDivider: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0)',\n\t\tscrollbarHandleHover: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.4)',\n\t},\n\tauthor: '@kakkokari_gtyih@misskey.io',\n}"
}
```

- `type`: 上記「外部からのインストールに対応しているリソース」のコードを参照して入力してください。
- `data`: リソースのソースコードを**文字列で**入力
  - この際、改行コードは**LF**としてください

Commit message:

New Crowdin updates (#227)
* New translations 8.mi-card.md (Chinese Simplified)

* New translations 8.mi-card.md (French)

* New translations 8.mi-card.md (Italian)

* New translations 8.mi-card.md (Korean)

* New translations 8.mi-card.md (Polish)

* New translations 8.mi-card.md (Chinese Traditional)

* New translations 8.mi-card.md (English)

* New translations 8.mi-card.md (Indonesian)

* New translations 8.mi-card.md (Thai)

* New translations custom-emoji.md (Chinese Simplified)

* New translations create-plugin.md (French)

* New translations plugin-api-reference.md (French)

* New translations create-plugin.md (Italian)

* New translations plugin-api-reference.md (Italian)

* New translations create-plugin.md (Korean)

* New translations plugin-api-reference.md (Korean)

* New translations create-plugin.md (Polish)

* New translations plugin-api-reference.md (Polish)

* New translations create-plugin.md (Chinese Simplified)

* New translations plugin-api-reference.md (Chinese Simplified)

* New translations create-plugin.md (Chinese Traditional)

* New translations plugin-api-reference.md (Chinese Traditional)

* New translations create-plugin.md (English)

* New translations plugin-api-reference.md (English)

* New translations create-plugin.md (Indonesian)

* New translations plugin-api-reference.md (Indonesian)

* New translations create-plugin.md (Thai)

* New translations plugin-api-reference.md (Thai)

* New translations create-plugin.md (English)

* New translations plugin-api-reference.md (English)

* New translations publish-on-your-website.md (English)

* New translations 8.mi-card.md (English)

content/en/docs/4.for-developers/publish-on-your-website.md, after:

# Distributing Plugins and Themes

Starting with Misskey v2023.11.0, you can now install various additional resources directly from your website.This feature is especially useful for those who produce a lot of plugins and themes, and for those who want to create a plugin distribution website.This feature is especially useful for those who produce a lot of plugins and themes, and for those who want to create a plugin distribution website.

## Resources that support external installation

- [Plugins](./plugin/create-plugin/) ... `plugin`
- [Themes](../for-users/features/theme/) ... `theme`

## How it works

To ensure that resources received by Misskey Web are not tampered with unexpectedly, hash values are calculated on both the distribution site and Misskey at the time of installation, and then verified within your Misskey server.

If the hash value cannot be matched, the resource cannot be installed.

## How to Implement

### 配布ページ側

「インストール」ボタンに、以下のようなURLを持つリンクを作成する

```
https://{HOST}/install-extensions?url={API_URL}&hash={HASH}
```

- `{HOST}`: ユーザーのサーバーのホストに置き換えます。ホストはユーザーが入力できるようにすることが一般的です。
- `{API_URL}`: リソース配布用API（後述）のURLに置き換えます。相対パスは不可
- `{HASH}`: 配布するリソースのSHA-512ハッシュに置き換えます。**リソース内での改行コードはLFに統一してください。**

### リソース配布用API側

上記 `{API_URL}` で指定したエンドポイントから、以下のようなJSONオブジェクトを返してください。

```json
{
    "type": "theme",
    "data": "{\n\tid: '4dca6e53-9c1b-41bb-a1ac-c62c3b710536',\n\tbase: 'light',\n\tname: 'Misskey Design',\n\tprops: {\n\t\tX2: ':darken<2<@panel',\n\t\tX3: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.05)',\n\t\tX4: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1)',\n\t\tX5: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.05)',\n\t\tX6: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.25)',\n\t\tX7: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.05)',\n\t\tX8: ':lighten<5<@accent',\n\t\tX9: ':darken<5<@accent',\n\t\tbg: '#f9f9f9',\n\t\tfg: '#5f5f5f',\n\t\tX10: ':alpha<0.4<@accent',\n\t\tX11: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1)',\n\t\tX12: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1)',\n\t\tX13: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.15)',\n\t\tX14: ':alpha<0.5<@navBg',\n\t\tX15: ':alpha<0<@panel',\n\t\tX16: ':alpha<0.7<@panel',\n\t\tX17: ':alpha<0.8<@bg',\n\t\tcwBg: '#b1b9c1',\n\t\tcwFg: '#fff',\n\t\tlink: '#44a4c1',\n\t\twarn: '#ecb637',\n\t\tbadge: '#31b1ce',\n\t\terror: '#ec4137',\n\t\tfocus: ':alpha<0.3<@accent',\n\t\tnavBg: '@panel',\n\t\tnavFg: '@fg',\n\t\tpanel: ':lighten<3<@bg',\n\t\tpopup: ':lighten<3<@panel',\n\t\taccent: '#FF6B63',\n\t\theader: ':alpha<0.7<@panel',\n\t\tinfoBg: '#e5f5ff',\n\t\tinfoFg: '#72818a',\n\t\trenote: '#229e82',\n\t\tshadow: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1)',\n\t\tdivider: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1)',\n\t\thashtag: '#ff9156',\n\t\tmention: '@accent',\n\t\tmodalBg: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.3)',\n\t\tsuccess: '#86b300',\n\t\tbuttonBg: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.05)',\n\t\tswitchBg: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.15)',\n\t\tacrylicBg: ':alpha<0.5<@bg',\n\t\tcwHoverBg: '#bbc4ce',\n\t\tindicator: '@accent',\n\t\tmentionMe: '@mention',\n\t\tmessageBg: '@bg',\n\t\tnavActive: '@accent',\n\t\taccentedBg: ':alpha<0.15<@accent',\n\t\tcodeNumber: '#0fbbbb',\n\t\tcodeString: '#b98710',\n\t\tfgOnAccent: '#fff',\n\t\tinfoWarnBg: '#fff0db',\n\t\tinfoWarnFg: '#8f6e31',\n\t\tnavHoverFg: ':darken<17<@fg',\n\t\tswitchOnBg: '@accent',\n\t\tswitchOnFg: '@fgOnAccent',\n\t\tcodeBoolean: '#62b70c',\n\t\tdateLabelFg: '@fg',\n\t\tdeckDivider: ':darken<3<@bg',\n\t\tinputBorder: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1)',\n\t\tpanelBorder: '\" solid 1px var(--divider)',\n\t\tswitchOffBg: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1)',\n\t\tswitchOffFg: '@panel',\n\t\taccentDarken: ':darken<10<@accent',\n\t\tacrylicPanel: ':alpha<0.5<@panel',\n\t\tnavIndicator: '@indicator',\n\t\twindowHeader: ':alpha<0.85<@panel',\n\t\taccentLighten: ':lighten<10<@accent',\n\t\tbuttonHoverBg: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1)',\n\t\tdriveFolderBg: ':alpha<0.3<@accent',\n\t\tfgHighlighted: ':darken<3<@fg',\n\t\tfgTransparent: ':alpha<0.5<@fg',\n\t\tpanelHeaderBg: ':lighten<3<@panel',\n\t\tpanelHeaderFg: '@fg',\n\t\tbuttonGradateA: '#FC4774',\n\t\tbuttonGradateB: '#F9E001',\n\t\thtmlThemeColor: '@bg',\n\t\tpanelHighlight: ':darken<3<@panel',\n\t\tlistItemHoverBg: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.03)',\n\t\tscrollbarHandle: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2)',\n\t\tinputBorderHover: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2)',\n\t\twallpaperOverlay: 'rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.5)',\n\t\tfgTransparentWeak: ':alpha<0.75<@fg',\n\t\tpanelHeaderDivider: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0)',\n\t\tscrollbarHandleHover: 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.4)',\n\t},\n\tauthor: '@kakkokari_gtyih@misskey.io',\n}"
}
```

- `type`: 上記「外部からのインストールに対応しているリソース」のコードを参照して入力してください。
- `data`: リソースのソースコードを**文字列で**入力
  - この際、改行コードは**LF**としてください
