---
description: 'Using the Streaming API allows you to receive various information in real-time (e.g., new notes on the timeline, reactions, follows, etc.) and perform various operations.'
---

# Streaming API

:::tip

We recommend reading the [Misskey API](../index.md) documentation first.

:::

Using the Streaming API allows you to receive various information in real-time (e.g., new notes on the timeline, reactions, follows, etc.) and perform various operations.

## Connecting to the Stream

To use the Streaming API, you first need to connect to the Misskey server via **WebSocket**.

Connect via WebSocket to the URL in the following format:

```
wss://{host}/streaming?i={token}
```

Here:

- Replace `{host}` with the host of the server you want to connect to.
- Replace `{token}` with the user's access token.

:::tip

You can omit the access token, but in that case, the connection will be treated as non-logged-in usage, limiting the information you can receive and the operations you can perform.

:::

Once connected to the stream, you can subscribe to notes (described later), but at this stage, you cannot yet receive things like new notes on the timeline.
To receive such events, you need to connect to **channels** on the stream (described below).

**All interactions on the stream are done in JSON.**

## Channels

The Misskey Streaming API has a concept called Channels.This is a mechanism for separating the information sent and received.
By connecting to a channel on the stream, you can receive and send specific information.

:::tip

You can connect to multiple channels simultaneously on a single stream connection.

:::

The following explains how to use channels.Please refer to the [Channel List](./channel/index.md) for available channels.

### Connecting to a Channel

To connect to a channel, send data like the following to the stream in JSON format:

```js
{
	type: 'connect',
	body: {
		channel: 'xxxxxxxx',
		id: 'foobar',
		params: {
			...
		}
	}
}
```

Here:

- `channel`: Set the name of the channel you want to connect to.Refer to the [Channel List](./channel/index.md).
- `id`: Set an arbitrary ID to interact with that channel.Since various messages flow through the stream, you need to identify which channel a message is coming from.This ID can be a UUID or a random number.
- `params`: Parameters required when connecting to the channel.The required parameters differ depending on the channel.This property can be omitted when connecting to a channel that requires no parameters.

:::tip

The ID is not defined per "channel type" but per "channel connection".This is because there are cases where you connect to the same channel multiple times with different parameters.

:::

### Receiving Messages from a Channel

For example, a timeline channel emits a message when there is a new note.By receiving that message, you can know in real-time that a new note has been posted to the timeline.

When a channel emits a message, data like the following flows into the stream in JSON:

```js
{
	type: 'channel',
	body: {
		id: 'foobar',
		type: 'something',
		body: {
			some: 'thing'
		}
	}
}
```

Here:

- `id`: The ID you set when connecting to the channel mentioned above is set here.This allows you to know which channel connection this message is from.
- `type`: The type of message.The types of messages that flow depend on the channel.
- `body`: The content of the message.The content depends on the channel.

### Sending Messages to a Channel

Depending on the channel, you can not only receive messages but also send messages to perform certain operations.

To send a message to a channel, send data like the following to the stream in JSON:

```js
{
	type: 'channel',
	body: {
		id: 'foobar',
		type: 'something',
		body: {
			some: 'thing'
		}
	}
}
```

Here:

- `id`: Set the ID used when connecting to the channel.This identifies which channel the message is intended for.
- `type`: Set the message type.Accepted types differ by channel.
- `body`: Set the message content.Accepted content differs by channel.

### Disconnecting from a Channel

To disconnect from a channel, send data like the following to the stream in JSON:

```js
{
	type: 'disconnect',
	body: {
		id: 'foobar'
	}
}
```

Here:

- `id`: Set the ID used when connecting to the channel.

## Note Capture

Misskey provides a mechanism called Note Capture.This is a feature to receive events for a specified note via the stream.

For example, suppose you fetch a timeline and display it to the user.If someone reacts to one of the notes in that timeline, the client has no way of knowing that a reaction was added.
Therefore, it cannot reflect and display the reaction on the note in the timeline in real-time.

To solve this problem, Misskey provides the Note Capture mechanism.By capturing a note, you can receive events related to that note, making it possible to reflect reactions in real-time.

The following explains how to use the Note Capture feature.Refer to the [Capture Event List](./note-capture-events.md) for available events.

### Capturing a Note

To capture a note, send a message like the following to the stream:

```js
{
	type: 'subNote',
	body: {
		id: 'xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx'
	}
}
```

Here:

- `id`: Set the ID of the note you want to capture.

Sending this message requests Misskey to capture the note, and from then on, events related to that note will flow in.

For example, if a reaction is added to the note, a message like the following will flow in:

```js
{
	type: 'noteUpdated',
	body: {
		id: 'xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx',
		type: 'reacted',
		body: {
			reaction: 'like',
			userId: 'yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy'
		}
	}
}
```

Here:

- `id` inside `body`: The ID of the note that generated the event.
- `type` inside `body`: The type of event.
- `body` inside `body`: The details of the event.

### Uncapturing a Note

When the note is no longer displayed on the screen and you no longer need to receive events for it, please request to uncapture it.

Send the following message:

```js
{
	type: 'unsubNote',
	body: {
		id: 'xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx'
	}
}
```

Here:

- `id`: Set the ID of the note you want to uncapture.

Sending this message stops events related to that note from flowing in thereafter.
