content/en/docs/4.for-developers/api/token/50.app.md, before:

---
description: MiAuth導入以前（v12.27.0未満）でのアクセストークン取得方法について説明しています。
---

# アプリ作成方式でのアクセストークン取得方法（旧来型）

[MiAuth](./miauth.md)導入（12.27.0）や[OAuth](./oauth.md)導入（2023.9.0）より前の、旧来のアクセストークン取得方法について説明します。\
12.27.0未満のバージョンのサーバーではこの旧来の方式を使用する必要があります。

## 1. アプリケーションの作成

[`app/create`エンドポイント](endpoints/app/create.html)に情報を送信し、`appSecret`を取得します。

```json
{
    // アプリの名前
    "name": "test",
    // アプリの説明
    "description": "my test application",
    // アプリのパーミッション
    "permission": ["write:notes"]
}
```

この時、`callbackUrl`でお好きなURLを含めると、次のアクセス許可操作が終了したときに`token`をクエリ文字列に含めながらそこにコールバックするようになります。

## 2. ユーザーに認証させる

[`auth/session/generate`エンドポイント](endpoints/auth/session/generate)に`appSecret`をPOSTします。

```json
{
    "appSecret": "fAb12cD34Ef56gH78Ij16kL32Mn64oPf"
}
```

`token`（ここでは仮に`798b9f6e-248d-43a7-a919-fabc664027f1`）と`url`を返してくるので、まずはこのurlにウェブブラウザでアクセスし「アクセスを許可」を選択。

## 3. accessTokenを問い合わせる

2が終わったことが確認できたら、[`auth/session/userkey`エンドポイント](endpoints/auth/session/userkey)に`appSecret`と先ほどの`token`をPOSTします。

```json
{
  "appSecret": "fAb12cD34Ef56gH78Ij16kL32Mn64oPf",
  "token": "798b9f6e-248d-43a7-a919-fabc664027f1"
}
```

ここで取得できる文字列は`accessToken`と呼ばれます。`accessToken`は一度限りしか取得できません。

## 4. iを生成

`i`は、Node.jsであれば以下のようなコードで生成でき、設定画面で取得するものとは違って64桁の16進数となります。

```javascript
const crypto = require("crypto")
const i = crypto.createHash("sha256")
    .update(accessToken + appSecret, "utf8")
    .digest("hex")
console.log(i)
```

## 5. 実際にテストする

```javascript
fetch("https://misskey.io/api/notes/create", {
    method: 'POST',
    body: JSON.stringify({
        i: "/* ここにiを入力 */",
        text: "Hello Misskey API World with My Application!"
    }),
    headers: {
        'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    },
	credentials: 'omit',
});
```

Commit message:

New Crowdin updates (#231)
* New translations ja-jp.yml (French)

* New translations ja-jp.yml (Italian)

* New translations ja-jp.yml (Korean)

* New translations ja-jp.yml (Polish)

* New translations ja-jp.yml (Chinese Simplified)

* New translations ja-jp.yml (Chinese Traditional)

* New translations ja-jp.yml (English)

* New translations ja-jp.yml (Indonesian)

* New translations ja-jp.yml (Thai)

* New translations ja-jp.yml (English)

* New translations 50.app.md (English)

* New translations embed.md (French)

* New translations embed.md (Italian)

* New translations embed.md (Korean)

* New translations embed.md (Polish)

* New translations embed.md (Chinese Simplified)

* New translations embed.md (Chinese Traditional)

* New translations embed.md (English)

* New translations embed.md (Indonesian)

* New translations embed.md (Thai)

* New translations ja-jp.yml (French)

* New translations ja-jp.yml (Italian)

* New translations ja-jp.yml (Korean)

* New translations ja-jp.yml (Polish)

* New translations ja-jp.yml (Chinese Simplified)

* New translations ja-jp.yml (Chinese Traditional)

* New translations ja-jp.yml (English)

* New translations ja-jp.yml (Indonesian)

* New translations ja-jp.yml (Thai)

* New translations embed.md (English)

* New translations 1.about-misskey.md (Korean)

* New translations favorite.md (Korean)

* New translations mute-and-block.md (Korean)

* New translations theme.md (Korean)

* New translations timeline.md (Korean)

* New translations word-mute.md (Korean)

content/en/docs/4.for-developers/api/token/50.app.md, after:

---
description: This document explains how to obtain an access token in versions of Misskey prior to the introduction of MiAuth (before v12.27.0)
---

# Obtaining an Access Token by Creating an App (Legacy)

This document explains how to obtain an access token in versions of Misskey prior to the introduction of [MiAuth](./miauth.md) (before v12.27.0) and [OAuth](./oauth.md) (before v2023.9.0).\
This legacy method is required for versions prior to v12.27.0.

## 1. Creating an Application

Send a request to the [`app/create` endpoint ](endpoints/app/create.html) to obtain an `appSecret`.

```json
{
    // App name
    "name": "test",
    // App Description
    "description": "my test application",
    // App Permissions
    "permission": ["write:notes"]
}
```

Specifying a `callbackUrl` in the body of this object will cause the completed authorization request to redirect to that URL, passing a `token` in the query string.

## 2. Authorizing Clients

POST the `appSecret` to the [`auth/session/generate` endpoint](endpoints/auth/session/generate).

```json
{
    "appSecret": "fAb12cD34Ef56gH78Ij16kL32Mn64oPf"
}
```

A `token` (for the sake of example we'll choose `798b9f6e-248d-43a7-a919-fabc664027f1`) and a URL will be returned. To authorize the client, navigate to the URL in a web browser and allow access.

## 3. Obtaining an accessToken

Once you have completed Step 2, POST the `appSecret` and the `token` to the [`auth/session/userkey` endpoint](endpoints/auth/session/userkey).

```json
{
  "appSecret": "fAb12cD34Ef56gH78Ij16kL32Mn64oPf",
  "token": "798b9f6e-248d-43a7-a919-fabc664027f1"
}
```

You will obtain a string `accessToken`.You can only obtain an `accessToken` once.

## 4. Generating i

If you are using Node.js, `i` can be generated using the following code. Unlike the one obtained from the Control Panel, it is a 64-digit hexadecimal number.

```javascript
const crypto = require("crypto")
const i = crypto.createHash("sha256")
    .update(accessToken + appSecret, "utf8")
    .digest("hex")
console.log(i)
```

## 5. Trying it out

```javascript
fetch("https://misskey.io/api/notes/create", {
    method: 'POST',
    body: JSON.stringify({
        i: "/* Insert i here */",
        text: "Hello Misskey API World with My Application!"
    }),
    headers: {
        'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    },
	credentials: 'omit',
});
```
