content/en/docs/2.for-users/3.features/poll.md, before:

# Polls

Polls are a feature that allow you to solicit opinions from others.

## Attach a Poll to a Note

Polls can be published by attaching them to a [note](/docs/for-users/features/note).To attach a poll to your note, select the "Poll" icon at the bottom of the posting form.

## Adding Options

A poll can have up to 10 options.To add an option, click the "Add" button.

If you have too many options, you can delete one using the "X" button next to the option.

:::warning

If an option is blank, you will not be able to submit the note.

:::

## Allow Multiple Choices

If "Allow selecting multiple choices" is selected, voters will be able to vote for more than one option.

## Set a Deadline for Responses

You can set a deadline for the poll as either an end date or a period of time.

To set a deadline, select "End at..." or "End after..." in the "End poll" dropdown menu.

To remove a deadline, select "Never" in the "End poll" dropdown.

## Voting in a Poll

アンケートが添付されたノートがタイムラインに流れてきたときは、アンケートに投票してみましょう。

アンケートに投票するには、各選択肢をクリックします。アンケートを投稿したユーザーが複数回答可に設定していない場合は、その時点でのアンケートの結果が表示されます。

アンケートを投稿したユーザーが複数回答可に設定していた場合、他の選択肢にも投票することができます。この場合、結果は自動では表示されません。

複数回答の設定に関わらず、自動でアンケートの結果が表示されなかったり、投票前に結果を見たい時は、選択肢の下にある「結果を見る」をクリックしてアンケートの結果を表示することができます。

未投票のアンケートの結果を見たあと、もう一度隠すときは「投票する」をクリックします。

:::tip

未投票アンケートには、結果を表示した状態でも投票できます。

:::

投票をすると、自分の投票した選択肢に✔がつきます。

Commit message:

New Crowdin updates (#210)
* New translations poll.md (English)

* New translations share-form.md (English)

* New translations theme.md (English)

* New translations thread-mute.md (English)

* New translations faq.md (English)

* New translations glossary.md (English)

* New translations note.md (English)

content/en/docs/2.for-users/3.features/poll.md, after:

# Polls

Polls are a feature that allow you to solicit opinions from others.

## Attach a Poll to a Note

Polls can be published by attaching them to a [note](/docs/for-users/features/note).To attach a poll to your note, select the "Poll" icon at the bottom of the posting form.

## Adding Options

A poll can have up to 10 options.To add an option, click the "Add" button.

If you have too many options, you can delete one using the "X" button next to the option.

:::warning

If an option is blank, you will not be able to submit the note.

:::

## Allow Multiple Choices

If "Allow selecting multiple choices" is selected, voters will be able to vote for more than one option.

## Set a Deadline for Responses

You can set a deadline for the poll as either an end date or a period of time.

To set a deadline, select "End at..." or "End after..." in the "End poll" dropdown menu.

To remove a deadline, select "Never" in the "End poll" dropdown.

## Voting in a Poll

When you see a note with a poll fly by in the timeline, vote!

To vote in a poll, click on your desired option.If the user who created the poll did not allow multiple choices, the current results of the poll will be immediately displayed.

If the user who created the poll allowed multiple choices, you will be allowed to vote for another option.In this case, the results will not be displayed immediately.

To see the results of the poll before or after voting, click the "View results" button below the options.

If you viewed the results without voting, you can return to voting by clicking the "Vote" button.

:::tip

If you haven't voted already, you can vote after viewing the current results.

:::

When voting, a ✔ will appear beside your selections.
