# Misskey ID Card

As a return for your generous and valuable support of the Misskey Project, you will receive a physical Misskey ID Card!

**Misskey ID Card is highly durable metal card (plate) with a serial number and owner tied to it.**

Precision machining on heavy metal has been used to create a card with a high status.

<video src="/video/mi-id-card-teaser.mp4" muted autoplay loop></video>

Both the front and back surfaces are carefully designed by syuilo.Please get yours now and enjoy!

:::tip

Due to small production runs, availability is limited.Please apply as soon as possible if you want to get one.

:::

[Click here](https://www.youtube.com/shorts/AdzzwxEa-WE) to see the actual product.

## Specifications

- Dimensions: 54.0mm x 85.6mm (2.13in x 3.37in)
- Weight: approx. 34g (1.19oz)
- Material: 1.0mm (0.03 in) thick mirror-finished stainless steel
- Finish: mirror finish (front surface), etching (other surfaces), silk printing (logo), laser engraving (serial number)
- Design by syuilo, with serial number, barcode, QR code, and Ai-Chan autograph engraving

If you prefer, we can send you a card with “syuilo” autograph on the back.(Free)

### View in 3D

::X__Docs__mi-card__InteractiveView
::

Note: The design on the reverse side is omitted.This 3D model is not an exact replica of the actual product.

## Who can get it

**Those who have supported a cumulative total of 20,000 yen or more are eligible to obtain one card.**

:::g-details{summary='2枚以上ご希望の場合'}

If you want more than one, you can get one additional card for every 30,000 yen.

The number of additional cards you can receive is calculated by dividing the amount of support minus 20,000 yen by 30,000 yen.

For example, if the total amount of support is 50,000 yen or more, you will receive 2 additional cards; if the total amount of support is 80,000 yen or more, you will receive 3 additional cards, and so on.

You can calculate how many card you can get:

::X__Docs__mi-card__Calculator
::

Please note that we may not be able to provide the requested number of cards depending on availability.

:::

Support in US dollars will be converted from 1USD = 150JPY regardless of the actual exchange rate.Please contact us for handling in the case of other currencies.

Qualified applicants who wish to receive a card must read the content of this page (including [Note](#note)) and apply on the form.

Please note that due to shipping reasons, **this card can only be obtained by residents of Japan.**

:::warning

**This card is a benefit for those who support the Misskey Project (syuilo).**
Support for services running on Misskey is not covered by this offer.

[Click here to support the Misskey Project](/docs/donate/)

:::

:::tip

Any method of support and any period of time is acceptable for calculating the cumulative support amount.
For example, if you donate 5,000 yen via PayPal in 2023, 12,000 yen via Fanbox in 2024, and a gift of 3,000 yen worth via Amazon's Wish List in 2024, your total support would be 5,000 + 12,000 + 3,000 = 20,000 yen.

:::

## How to claim

Please fill out the form below.(You need a Google Account to fill in.)

[Misskey ID Card Application Form](https://forms.gle/3EcRw21nUcGqGVk68)

## Shipping

Delivery will be made by Japan Post. **Shipping is free of charge.**

- We will email you with a tracking number when we ship.
- Delivery might be made on Saturdays and Sundays.
- You may be required to verify your identity when you receive your card.

Cards will be carefully inspected before shipping.If there is any damage upon arrival, please contact Japan Post.

:::warning

The card will be delivered to the address provided.
Please note that cards cannot be delivered to addresses other than the applicant's own.

You cannot specify the shipping method.

:::

## Note

- Specifications are subject to change without notice.
- Serial numbers cannot be selected.
- Please note that there is a possibility of minor scratches on the card during production and delivery.
- 寸法や加工には僅かな個体差があります。個性としてお楽しみください。
- This campaign may be temporarily suspended or terminated without notice.
- The requirements may be changed without notice.
- Please keep it safe, as it cannot be reissued in case of loss, damage, or theft.
- We appreciate your refraining from reselling or giving to others.
