content/en/docs/3.for-admin/install/guides/1.index.md, before:

---
description: How to create a Misskey server.
---

# Creating a Misskey Server

Thank you for your interest in creating a Misskey server.There are several ways to create a server, so please choose one below and read the corresponding guide.There are several ways to create a server, so please choose one below and read the corresponding guide.

:::danger

Do not recreate the database with the domain/hostname of the server once you have started using it!

:::

:::warning

自分のサーバーに対して Cloudflare を使用する場合、 Auto Minify 設定は使用しないようにしてください。

Do not minify the JavaScript again as it has already been minified, Cloudflare also does not interpret the latest JavaScript correctly and would end up destroying the code inside causing Misskey to not work properly.

See [misskey-dev/misskey#9791](https://github.com/misskey-dev/misskey/issues/9791) for more information.

:::

:::warning

Misskeyのソースコードを変更した場合（フォークも含む）、その変更点を公開することがライセンスにより義務付けられています。詳細は[こちら](/docs/for-admin/install/resources/forking/)をご覧ください。

:::

## Installation on Xserver VPS

[Xserver VPS](https://vps.xserver.ne.jp/) provides a Misskey application image making it easy to set up a Misskey server.

For more information, see ["Using the Misskey Image"](https://vps.xserver.ne.jp/support/manual/man_server_app_use_misskey.php).

## List of Installation Methods

<MkIndex />

Commit message:

New Crowdin updates (#179)
* New translations 1.index.md (English)

* New translations 2.delete-account.md (Chinese Traditional)

* New translations 3.server-wide-content-mod.md (Chinese Traditional)

* New translations ja-jp.yml (Chinese Traditional)

* New translations 1.about-misskey.md (Chinese Traditional)

* New translations note.md (Chinese Traditional)

* New translations online-status.md (Chinese Traditional)

* New translations 1.cannot-login-to-the-account.md (Korean)

* New translations 2.delete-account.md (Korean)

* New translations 3.server-wide-content-mod.md (Korean)

* New translations 4.copyright-infringement.md (Korean)

* New translations 1.index.md (Korean)

* New translations nginx.md (Korean)

* New translations 2.miauth.md (Korean)

* New translations plugin-api-reference.md (Korean)

* New translations 5.releases.md (French)

* New translations 5.releases.md (Italian)

* New translations 5.releases.md (Korean)

* New translations 5.releases.md (Polish)

* New translations 5.releases.md (Chinese Simplified)

* New translations 5.releases.md (Chinese Traditional)

* New translations 5.releases.md (English)

* New translations 5.releases.md (Indonesian)

* New translations 3.oauth.md (Korean)

* New translations 50.app.md (Korean)

* New translations create-play.md (Korean)

* New translations note.md (Korean)

* New translations online-status.md (Korean)

* New translations online-status.md (Chinese Traditional)

* New translations forking.md (Korean)

* New translations how-to-delete-account.yml (Korean)

* New translations plugin-api-reference.md (Korean)

* New translations plugin-api-reference.md (English)

* New translations how-to-delete-account.yml (Korean)

content/en/docs/3.for-admin/install/guides/1.index.md, after:

---
description: How to create a Misskey server.
---

# Creating a Misskey Server

Thank you for your interest in creating a Misskey server.There are several ways to create a server, so please choose one below and read the corresponding guide.

:::danger

Do not recreate the database with the domain/hostname of the server once you have started using it!

:::

:::warning



Do not minify the JavaScript again as it has already been minified, Cloudflare also does not interpret the latest JavaScript correctly and would end up destroying the code inside causing Misskey to not work properly.

See [misskey-dev/misskey#9791](https://github.com/misskey-dev/misskey/issues/9791) for more information.

:::

:::warning

If you change the source code of Misskey (including forking), AGPLv3 license requires you to disclose those changes.Please refer to [this document](/docs/for-admin/install/resources/forking/) for more information.

:::

## Installation on Xserver VPS

[Xserver VPS](https://vps.xserver.ne.jp/) provides a Misskey application image making it easy to set up a Misskey server.

For more information, see ["Using the Misskey Image"](https://vps.xserver.ne.jp/support/manual/man_server_app_use_misskey.php).

## List of Installation Methods

<MkIndex />
