content/en/docs/3.for-admin/install/guides/2.service.md, before:

---
description: サードパーティーが提供するサービスを利用して、簡単にMisskeyサーバーを作成することができます。
---

# サービスを利用する

Misskeyのサーバーは、ホスティングサービスなどが提供する機能を利用して簡単に構築することができます。ここでは、Misskeyに対応したサービスの一部を紹介します。

:::warning

こちらに掲載されているサービスはMisskeyプロジェクトが把握しているサービスであり、すべてのサービスのリストではありません。また、<u>動作確認やサービスの公認認定などは、特に記載がない限り、運営企業がMisskey Projectのスポンサーか否かにかかわらず行っていない</u>ことにご留意ください **（サービスに関するお問い合わせはMisskey Projectではなく各サービスの運営者にお願いします）** 。

:::

## Misskeyのホスティングに特化したサービス

Misskey専用にカスタマイズされた管理画面などが用意されているサービスもあります。これらを利用すると、特に技術的な知識を必要とすることなく、Misskeyサーバーを構築することが可能です。

### XServer SNS

[XServer SNS](https://sns.xserver.ne.jp/)では、使用できるSNSソフトウェアとしてMisskeyが用意されています。サーバーの保守やバージョンアップデートはXServerが行うため、技術的な知識はほとんど必要なく、簡単にMisskeyサーバーの構築が可能となっています。

## VPSのアプリイメージ

VPS (Virtual Private Server) サービスの一部では、「簡単インストール」や「アプリイメージ」等の名称で、環境構築が簡単にできる機能が用意されています。Misskeyに標準で対応しているものもあります。ここではその一部を紹介します。

### XServer VPS・シンVPS

[XServer VPS](https://vps.xserver.ne.jp/)および[シンVPS](https://www.shin-vps.jp/)ではアプリイメージとしてMisskeyが提供されています。

詳細については、

- XServer: [「Misskeyアプリイメージを利用する」](https://vps.xserver.ne.jp/support/manual/man_server_app_use_misskey.php)
- シンVPS: [「Misskeyアプリイメージを利用する」](https://www.shin-vps.jp/support/manual/man_server_app_use_misskey.php)

をご覧ください。

### ConoHa VPS

[ConoHa VPS](https://www.conoha.jp/vps/)では、アプリケーションイメージとしてMisskeyが提供されています。

詳細は、[「ご利用ガイド Misskeyアプリケーションイメージを使う」](https://support.conoha.jp/v/temp-misskey/)をご覧ください。

### さくらのVPS

[さくらのVPS](https://vps.sakura.ad.jp/)では、スタートアップスクリプトとしてMisskeyが提供されています。

詳細は、[「Sakura VPS Manual スタートアップスクリプト」](https://manual.sakura.ad.jp/vps/startupscript/startupscript.html)をご覧ください。

Commit message:

New Crowdin updates (#259)
* New translations self-xss.md (French)

* New translations self-xss.md (Italian)

* New translations self-xss.md (Korean)

* New translations self-xss.md (Polish)

* New translations self-xss.md (Chinese Simplified)

* New translations self-xss.md (Chinese Traditional)

* New translations self-xss.md (English)

* New translations self-xss.md (Indonesian)

* New translations self-xss.md (Thai)

* New translations 5.releases.md (Korean)

* New translations create-plugin.md (Korean)

* New translations ja-jp.yml (Italian)

* New translations 2.service.md (English)

* New translations self-xss.md (English)

content/en/docs/3.for-admin/install/guides/2.service.md, after:

---
description: Set up Misskey server with ease by using third-party service.
---

# Use Dedicated Service

It's easy to set up a Misskey server using services provided by third-party hosting providers.Below, we'll introduce some services that support Misskey.

:::warning

The services listed here are those known to the Misskey Project but do not represent a complete list.Please also note that, <u>unless explicitly stated otherwise, the Misskey Project does not verify the functionality of these services or endorse them, regardless of whether the service provider sponsors the Misskey Project.</u> **(For inquiries about these services, please contact the service provider directly, not the Misskey Project.)**

:::

## Services Specialized for Misskey Hosting

Some services offer management tools tailored for Misskey, allowing you to set up a server without needing technical expertise.これらを利用すると、特に技術的な知識を必要とすることなく、Misskeyサーバーを構築することが可能です。

### XServer SNS

[XServer SNS](https://sns.xserver.ne.jp/) provides Misskey as an available SNS software option.XServer handles server maintenance and version updates, making it easy to set up a Misskey server with minimal technical knowledge.

## VPS Application Images

Some VPS (Virtual Private Server) providers offer features like "easy installation" or "application images" for quick setup.Some of these are compatible with Misskey by default.Here are a few examples:

### XServer VPS / Shin VPS

[XServer VPS](https://vps.xserver.ne.jp/) and [Shin VPS (シンVPS)](https://www.shin-vps.jp/) provide Misskey as an application image.

For more details, see:

- XServer: [Using the Misskey Application Image](https://vps.xserver.ne.jp/support/manual/man_server_app_use_misskey.php)
- Shin VPS: [Using the Misskey Application Image](https://www.shin-vps.jp/support/manual/man_server_app_use_misskey.php)

をご覧ください。

### ConoHa VPS

[ConoHa VPS](https://www.conoha.jp/vps/) offers Misskey as an application image.

For details, check out the [ConoHa Guide on Using the Misskey Application Image](https://support.conoha.jp/v/temp-misskey/).

### Sakura VPS

[Sakura VPS](https://vps.sakura.ad.jp/) provides Misskey as a startup script.

For more information, please refer to the [Sakura VPS Manual - Startup Script](https://manual.sakura.ad.jp/vps/startupscript/startupscript.html).
